So far, you have simulated a robot in Gazebo.
Now, you will learn how to design a building to house it in.
Since many robots are placed indoors,
inside commercial or residential buildings,
you will learn how to simulate such a space.
There's a user-friendly cat tool in Gazebo known
as the building editor which helps you accomplish this task.
Let's get back to our workspace,
and explore the building editor tool.
To open the building editor,
first launch Gazebo from a terminal,
and then click edit building editor.
The building editor is divided into three main sections,
the palate, the 2D view,
and the 3D view.
Inside the 2D view,
there's a graph paper and the scale.
Here, you can design a building floor plan.
To do that, you have to select from the pallet walls,
windows, doors or even stairs.
You can also add colors and texture to your building.
With the import tool,
you can import a map that you previously drew with your favorite cat software.
Inside the 3D view,
you can see a preview of your building.
For now, create a space by drawing this U-shape in the building editor.
I chose this sketch because of its simplicity.
This shape has the dimensions of 10 meters by 10 meters with a thickness of 2.5 meters.
Now, adjust the scale then select walls,
and start drawing the floor plan.
Next, you can double-click on any wall to 2D view to edit its height,
length, start, and end position.
Finally, apply a blue color to your house.
In the 3D view,
you can see a preview of the house you just built.
Once you are satisfied with your design,
save it to the model directory of your project.
Now, this model can be easily imported to the Gazebo word to house a robot.
Finally, exit the building editor and go back to the Gazebo word main interface.